{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh15360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Catalog explanations
\fs24 \

\b \
Figure 3
\b0 \
Plot 
\b CATALOG_FULL_555-814.txt
\b0  using PlotCMD.py.  The columns in this file are (
\i index1, index2, dx, dy, color, 814 magnitude
\i0 ).  
\i index1
\i0  and 
\i index2
\i0  are for debugging purposes, and can be ignored by the plotting script.  A 2 jitter corrections are applied to the output, both taken from the IRD program.  Their values are the following:\
\
Chip 1 dx = -3.37293888426\
Chip 1 dy = 1.28905678601\
Chip 2 dx = -3.07407676245\
Chip 2 dy = 1.35405712439\
\
An isochrone from Dartmouth\'92s stellar evolution database is overlain from 
\b CATALOG_ISOCHRONE_555-814.txt
\b0 .
\b \
\
Figure 4
\b0 \
Plot 
\b CATALOG_BRANCHES_555-814.txt
\b0  using PlotDxDy.py.  The columns in this file are of the same format as 
\b CATALOG_FULL_555-814.txt,
\b0  but the only rows in this file are stars that are above the main sequence turnoff, and are clearly a part of either the disk or bulge branch.  Therefore, all rows have a magnitude less than 17.8, and have colors either below 1.91, or above 2.09.  \
\

\b Figure 5
\b0 \
Plot 
\b CATALOG_FULL_555-814.txt
\b0  using PlotDxDy.py, but select only bulge stars by only including stars with dx and dy in mas/yr both less than -2.  The dx and dy written in 
\b CATALOG_FULL_555-814.txt
\b0  must be converted to mas/yr from pixels by dividng by .08.\
\

\b IR CMD
\b0 \
Plot 
\b CATALOG_FULL_814_110_160.txt
\b0  using PlotCMD.py.  The columns in this file are (
\i x, y, 814 magnitude, magnitude error, 110 magnitude, 110 magnitude error, 160 magnitude, 160 magnitude error, dx, dy
\i0 ).  
\b NOTE: 
\b0 A jitter correction has been added to the dx and dy values which is just the average dx and dy.}